fix README (#427)
keystone-enclave/keystone: README.md

## Goals

Keystone aims to be a free and open framework for architecting and deploying TEEs on RISC-V hardware platforms. To summarize, our goals are:

* **Enable TEE on (almost) all RISC-V processors**: Keystone aims to support as many RISC-V processor cores by following RISC-V standard ISA and sub-ISAs. This will help hardware designers and manufacturers to enable TEE with minimal efforts.

* **Make TEE easy to customize depending on needs**: while providing effortless TEE enablement, Keystone also aims to allow various customization that depends on platform-specific features or non-standard sub-ISAs. We borrow the concept from software-defined network, where hardware platform provides *primitives* and the software leverages the primitives to implement specific functionalities or meet certain security requirements.

> * **Reduce the cost of building TEE**: Keystone aims to reduce the cost of building TEE or TEE-based system. We hope to achieve it by reusing the implementation across multiple different platforms, reducing hardware integration cost, reducing verification cost, and integrating with existing software tools. We hope that anyone can simply extend Keystone to build their own TEE with very low cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Reduce the cost of building TEE**: Keystone aims to reduce the cost of building TEE or TEE-based systems. We achieve this by reusing the implementation across multiple different platforms, reducing hardware integration cost, reducing verification cost, and integrating with existing software tools. We hope that anyone can simply extend Keystone to build their own novel TEE design with very low cost.
```

## Status

Keystone started as an academic project that helps researchers to build and test their ideas. 
Now, Keystone is an **Incubation Stage** open-source project of Confidential Computing Consortium (CCC) under Linux Foundation. 

> Keystone helped many researchers focus on their creative ideas instead of building TEE by themselves from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keystone has helped many researchers focus on their creative ideas instead of building TEE by themselves from scratch.
```

This resulted in many innovative research projects and publications, which have been pushing the technical advancement of TEEs.

We are currently trying to make Keystone production-ready. You can find the latest general roadmap of Keystone [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E-982564GvOcWzdCqM7TXCJV_7uWy2F8NiwglWorjFA/edit#heading=h.xa3pe84ubay4)

Here are some ongoing and/or planned efforts towards the goal:

* **Technical Improvements**: Make Keystone more usable and on par with existing industry solutions, including memory isolation improvement, better application and hardware support, and additional features.

* **Parity with Industry Standards**: Make Keystone follow the industry standard. This includes standard cryptography, measured boot, and remote attestation protocols. 

* **Hardware Integration**: Partner with RISC-V hardware designer/vendor to fully integrate with the hardware. This includes integration with hardware root-of-trust, memory encryption engine, and crypto accelerators.

## Documentation

See [docs](http://docs.keystone-enclave.org) for getting started.

## Hardware Support

> Keystone requires standard RISC-V platform with *hardware root of trust*, which includes a secure key storage and measured boot. Currently, no hardware root of trust has been designed or manufactured specifically for Keystone. We hope to integrate Keystone with a standard root-of-trust when it becomes available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keystone requires a standard RISC-V platform with a *hardware root of trust* --- including secure key storage and measured boot. Currently, no hardware root of trust has been designed or manufactured specifically for Keystone. If you have a open-source root-of-trust we'd love to integrate with it!
```

> As this project focuses more on the software stack and the toolchain, you can still run the full Keystone software stack on top of a few RISC-V platforms. See https://github.com/keystone-enclave/keystone/tree/master/sm/plat for the supported platforms. In general, `generic` should work with most of the standard RISC-V cores as long as they support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this project focuses more on the software stack and the toolchain, you can still run the full Keystone software stack on top of a few RISC-V platforms without a real root-of-trust. See https://github.com/keystone-enclave/keystone/tree/master/sm/plat for the supported platforms. In general, `generic` should work with most of the standard RISC-V cores as long as they support:
```

- RV64 with SV39 addressing mode (or RV32 with SV32)
- M/S/U privilege modes
- More than 4 PMP registers

For full security, platform architect needs to provide the followings

> - Entropy source (random number generator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Entropy source (and ideally a platform specific random number generator)
```

- Measured boot
- Secure on-chip key storage

> Keystone doesn’t provide high-performance hardware-based memory encryption, as it requires a proprietary memory controller. Instead, it provides software-based encryption, which uses scratchpad SRAM (if any) to encrypt physical pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keystone doesn’t provide high-performance hardware-based memory encryption, as it requires a proprietary memory controller. Instead, it provides an example software-based encryption, which uses scratchpad SRAM (if any) to encrypt physical pages.
```

## Team

Contributors and Maintainers

- Gregor Haas
- Evgeny Pobachienko
- Jakob Sorensen
- Dayeol Lee
- David Kholbrenner
- Alex Thomas

> Past Contributors

Reviewer: personally I'd just lump everyone into "contributors" and _maybe_ have "Maintainers" or "Leads" as the 2-3 most active people, rather than retire folks to "past contributors". Either is fine.
